
TODO: Document your timezone operations:
- What timezone was your original data in?
The original dataset(patient_vitals) has timestamps that were naive,and did not have any timezone information attached. This would 
create ambiguity;particularly, in multi-site clinical trials causing important inconsistencies across different geographica locations.
Herein, initally was inspected and ensured that the idnex contained datetime. Then, the timestamps were converted into a timezone-aware format,
which would support the analysis across different sites. 
- How did you localize the data?
The timestamps were localised: patient_vitals_tz.index = patient_vitals_tz.index.tz_localize('UTC')
This would set all timestamps in a coordinated universal time by initially assinging a timezone w.o 
shifting the "time values". Otherwise, conveting w.o initially localizing the time-values would result in 
incorrent/erros for future comaprisons. 
- What timezone did you convert to?
The data was converted from UTC to US eastern time : patient_vitals_tz_eastern = patient_vitals_tz.tz__convert("US/Easteren")
this offsets the target timezones and as well includes daylight saving time applcation.
- What issues did you encounter with DST? (Note: Using UTC avoids DST ambiguity)
DST (daylight saving time) is complex beacuse for example during spring transition, clocks is set one hour forward, and this full hour does
not exist in local time(in other regional locations). When the timestamps are stored in UTC, DST ambiguity is avoided; UTC does not store the daylight as saving time.
And, only when converted to local timezones would pandas handle the DST corrections.
- Include at least one example showing a datetime before and after conversion
Eaxmple before UTC: '2023-03-12 10:00:00 + 00:00'
After convertion-US Eastern time: 2023-03-12 05:00:00-07:00
- Explain why UTC is recommended as the base timezone for storing temporal data
As mentioned previously, UTC does not store the data based on observed daylight saving time, avdoiding ambiguity; rather the data is saved in a constisten way(despite the location).
Thus, keeping all stored timestamps in UCT, makes the data comparable and unambigiguous. Convertion to local time may be applied later as needed.
And, storing in UTC becomes particularly important in timesseries anlaysis, and multi-site studies.
